Updates to Sheets get_name.md file (#369)
datacommonsorg/docsite: api/sheets/get_name.md

---
layout: default
title: Returning the Names Associated with a DCID
nav_order: 1
parent: Google Sheets
grand_parent: API
---

# Returning the Names Associated with a DCID

The `=DCGETNAME(*dcids*)` formula returns the names associated with given [DCIDs](/glossary.html#dcid) to a cell or a column range of cells.

Note: Be sure to follow the instructions for [Installing and Enabling the Sheets Add-On](https://docs.datacommons.org/api/sheets/) before using this formula.

## Formula

```
=DCGETNAME(dcids)
```

## Required Arguments

`dcids` - A list of DCID nodes to query

> 

Reviewer: missing return values section before examples?

Author: I added it

## Examples

This section contains examples of returning the names associated with given DCIDs.

Before trying this method out, make sure to follow the setup directions in [the main section for Sheets docs](/api/sheets/index.html).

### Example 1: Retrieve the Name of a Country by its DCID

To retrieve the name of a country by its DCID, perform the following steps:

1. Place your cursor in the cell where you want to add a DCID. In this case, cell A1.
2. Click in the search box for the **Fill place dcids for selected cells** section. For this example, enter “Ivory Coast”. The cell is populated with a DCID of “country/CIV”.
3. Move to the cell where you want to retrieve the country name.
4. Enter the formula **<code>=DCGETNAME(A1)</code></strong> to retrieve the country name and press <strong>Enter</strong>.  The French spelling of Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire) populates the cell.

> ![](../../assets/images/sheets/sheets_get_name_cote_d_ivoire_cropped.png)

Reviewer: please don't add ../../

Author: Fixed

## Examples

This section contains examples of returning the names associated with given DCIDs.

### Example 1: Retrieve the Name of a Country by its DCID

To retrieve the name of a country by its DCID, perform the following steps:

1. Place your cursor in the cell where you want to add a DCID. In this case, cell A1.
2. Click in the search box for the **Fill place dcids for selected cells** section. For this example, enter “Ivory Coast”. The cell is populated with a DCID of “country/CIV”.
3. Move to the cell where you want to retrieve the country name.
4. Enter the formula **`=DCGETNAME(A1)`** to retrieve the country name and press **Enter**.  The French spelling of Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire) populates the cell.

![Retrieving the name of a country by its DCIC](/assets/images/sheets/sheets_get_name_cote_d_ivoire_cropped.png)

> ### Example 2: Retrieve the Names of a Collection of Cells Lines

Reviewer: Cell Lines is a term from biology (the previous example is from biomedical data commons).

If we're updating the example, please update the text.
```suggestion
### Example 2: Retrieve the Names of a Column of Countries
```

> ### Example 2: Retrieve the Names of a Collection of Cells

Reviewer: Please use Cell Lines, not just Cells, to differentiate from Sheet Cells

Author: Done

> To retrieve the names of countries by a collection of cells, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve the names of countries by a column of cells, perform the following steps:
```

1. Enter into column A the DCIDs that are shown in the following image.
2. In cell B1, enter the formula `=DCGETNAME(A1:A4)`.
3. Press **Enter** and the names of the countries for each DCID populate in column B.

> ![Retrieving the names of a collection of cell lines](/assets/images/sheets/sheets_get_name_cell_lines_cropped.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Retrieving the names of a column of cells](/assets/images/sheets/sheets_get_name_cell_lines_cropped.png)
```

> ![](/assets/images/sheets/sheets_get_name_cell_lines_cropped.png)

Reviewer: The image for this now has country names, not cell lines.

Author: I'm not completely clear on the edit you want me to make. Should I just rename the image file?

> **Note**
> 
> Be sure to follow the instructions for [Installing and Enabling the Sheets Add-On](/api/sheets/) before using this formula.

## Formula

```
=DCGETNAME(dcids)
```

## Required Arguments

`dcids` - A list of node DCIDs to query

## Returns

The names associated with given node DCIDs to a cell or a range of cells.

> **Note**:
> It’s best to minimize the number of function calls to `=DCGETNAME(dcids)` by using a single call to get the names for a column of nodes. This is because a spreadsheet will make one call to a Google server [*per custom function call*](https://developers.google.com/apps-script/guides/sheets/functions#optimization). If your sheet contains thousands of separate calls to `=DCGETNAME(dcids)` you can expect it to be slow and return with errors.

## Examples

This section contains examples of returning the names associated with given DCIDs.

### Example 1: Retrieve the Name of a Country by its DCID

To retrieve the name of a country by its DCID, perform the following steps:

1. Place your cursor in the cell where you want to add a DCID. In this case, cell A1.

> 2. Click in the search box for the **Fill place dcids for selected cells** section. For this example, enter “Ivory Coast”. The cell is populated with a DCID of “country/CIV”.

Reviewer 2: I don't understand what step 2 is trying to say. It's very weird to look up a DCID by name just to later query for that same name.

Reviewer: i think that since this is the "first" api on the list, it's a way to tell users what to do with the "fill place dcid" searchbox. it does seem redundant though, and we already have such an example on the index page. let me drop this step then, and update the screenshot
